The first game in August was a loss that ended our best winning streak of the campaign.

At the beginning of the second game in August we were primed to recon the most Eastern part of the board. We got off to an auspicious start when on the 4th player turn, Joe took the monitor action to discard the top 4 cards of the player deck and removed TWO epidemic cards! Despite not having to face the wrath of an epidemic, we were still having trouble with plague cubes, because our starting supplies is very low. Most cities on the grid only start with a single cube, so every city is vulnerable, even at the start of the game.

We have slowed down connecting cities and have been focused on the recon the last few games. We've also slowed down connecting cities since our starting supply level is so low. There is another sticker that boosts the number of supplies, but we have yet to find it. Therefore, when the opportunity arose we have been diligently searching as well. Unfortunately, we didn't discover anything notable this game.

We've also started to aggressively inoculate cities that only have 1 or 2 cards in the infection deck. Unfortunately, we only realized this game that we can inoculate 30 player cards and 30 infection cards. Previously we've been playing that we could only inoculate 30 combined cards. This had us playing conservatively. We immediately realized we had to adjust our strategy: inoculate the infection deck cards of hard to reach cities and cites with 1 or 2 cards. This effectively shrinks the board and means fewer moves are required to deliver supplies. Also, we need to heavily inoculate the player deck, so that only interesting player cards are drawn. There are many search cards we need to draw, and also the number of the new red cards is much less than any other color.

Remarkably, we only faced a single epidemic in our game, because of more well timed monitoring later in the game. Incredibly though, we were still holding our breath at the end of the game. Once we realized we could win the game, we already had 6 incidents and recently pulled lone epidemic. Four more infection cards had to be drawn and there was real chance 2 of the 4 would result in a plague cube and end the game. It was a close, but fortunately we did enough to win.
