We lost our second game in a row and our second game in March, which means we won't get a victory in March. I worry this might preclude us from reaching the highest point plateau. We lost this game in another heart breaking fashion. Knowing the Hollow Men were about to ravage South America we invested all of our actions into accomplishing this goal. Despite this we still failed! It was another plague cube death, because we couldn't keep up with delivering supply cubes. Also, I felt like we faced more bad luck with regards to the timing of the epidemics. When two epidemics are very close to each other the plague gets concentrated in a few areas. In this game we had epidemics on back-to-back turns, which did us in. Agonizingly, we failed to improve the board in any meaningful way. We were 1 turn away from performing the recon, but the plague count got too high. The first game in March we made some mistakes, but in this game it felt like bad epidemic luck led to our downfall. The worst part is that with the board losing population from plague cubes we are in worse shape now than at the beginning of the game. We'd have been better off forfeiting if it meant we didn't have to add plague cubes to the board.

Morale has started to waver. Some in our group question whether this game can be considered "fun". I actually prefer Season 2 over Season 1, because of its added difficulty. I think being proactive with supply cubes leads to more interesting choices compared to reactively removing disease cubes wherever they appear in a normal game of Pandemic.
