We lost the first game in March in heartbreaking fashion. When it became clear we were at risk of losing, our team went all out to establish a Supply Center is Sao Paulo. Our hope was that we could make this supply center permanent, so we'd be able to recon there quickly in the next game. Unfortunately, the turn before this would have happened, the 8th plague cube reached the board moving the incident marker to the red skull location and immediately ended our game. The overall feeling is that we had some pretty bad luck with card draw, but it is clear in retrospect our strategy was flawed.

There are several lessons we learned from our loss:

1. **We need to play to reach the end of the player deck.** We would all like to recon South America before the Hollow Men arrive before we do. However, this requires 9 cards: 5 for a supply center and 4 more to recon. There are currently only 12 yellow cards in the deck. To reach 9 cards we should have expected to play deep into the player deck, but instead thought we had bad luck when we only saw a few yellow cards early on. *Note, for the next game we can lower the number of required cards by playing with Kiera.* Our strategy should emphasize survival, so that we can make it through the deck.

1. **Recognize the imbalance of colors in the player deck.** We believed the lack of yellow cards was bad luck. However, there is a color imbalance in the player deck. After connecting Chicago, Atlanta, and San Francisco there are more blue cards in the player deck than any other color. We should therefore be more willing to spend blue cards for travel or show more patience and wait to draw a blue card compared to other colors. Even if the cards were in equal numbers within the deck, if we 9 cards of yellow and only 5 of any other color, we should only be coveting yellow cards.

1. **Don't get stuck in a corner of the map.** The prime example where we should have shown more patience was when we decided to build a blue supply center. Several turns into the game we collectively had a lot of blue cards. However, none of us had more than three, so we needed to swap cards. Unfortunately, the cards we had available to trade were both San Francisco. We ended up sending 3 of the 4 players to San Francisco, the farthest city from the home havens, and with all of our players land-locked we couldn't respond to the supply crisis happening on the other side of the Atlantic. We felt compelled to build a blue supply center, because we had the cards. In reality, we should have been more willing to let the blue cards come to us since there are more blues than any other color. Instead, we fell into a trap where to build a supply center we all sacrificed our board position and our ability to respond to supply shortages.

1. **Searching isn't game-changing.** So far, when we have gone out of our way to search the rewards have not offset the effort it takes to reach and search a city. It seems like we shouldn't go too far out of our way to search.

1. **Connecting cities will dilute the epidemics (until another epidemic card is added to the player deck).** Unfortunately, we have to start the second game with 6 epidemic cards instead of 5. We are 1 connected city over the limit, so the epidemic to city card ratio will be at its highest. When connecting cities we should do so in bursts: connecting the number of cities right up to the limit before another epidemic card is added to the deck. Then, connect a large number of cities to pass the threshold and get as far clear of the epidemic to city card ratio maximum.
