We won the second game in March! A major difference in our ability to combat the plague was the large supply cube boost, +15, we received at the beginning of the game as a result of discovering the haven that resides off the coast of South America in the Pacific. The additional cubes gives us more time to explore the world and respond to mounting threats.

There are some interesting mechanics that have been introduced into the game at this point, including the ability to permanently remove a city cards from either the infection deck or player deck. We've focused so far on removing a few cards from the infection deck when a particular city becomes enriched within the discard pile. One fascinating aspect of this mechanic is that it caps out at 30 cards, so eventually we will lose this ability. Having available mid game and help swing the odds in our favor, so we'll have to use it judiciously to keep it around in later games. However, reducing the concentration of the starting cities also distributes the plague burden across our connected city network, which also shifts the odds of success in our favor. There is a balance here that we'll need to find.

Looking back at our earlier games I wish we would have invested in player abilities earlier on, because some of the abilities give us significantly better options on that player's turn, relative to starting moves. Furthermore, the earlier we add the ability the more we'll get to us it (but that can be said about any permanent upgrade we choose). We've invested heavily in establishing permanent supply centers and keeping the population of new cities above 1. Perhaps the strategy we started with will prove correct in the end: permanent supply centers have helped us recon, adding population to the host cities, too, and we want to avoid any city on our network from ever collapsing to 0 population for fear of revealing the ominous game end condition related to this event.
